Connection profiles (#9847)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/deploy-environments.md

## Deployment connection

A deployment environment needs two settings to run jobs:

> - **Deployment connection:** This setting controls where dbt builds objects in your warehouse, such as the database, schema, and warehouse.

Reviewer: great addition @nataliefiann ! i wonder if using a table can communicate all of the paragraphs into one as well and the callout? so taking your intro and doing something like this;

```markdown
A deployment environment needs two settings to run jobs:

| Setting | Scope | Controls |
|---|---|---|
| **Deployment connection** | Environment-level | Where dbt builds objects in your warehouse (database, schema, warehouse) |
| **Connection profile** | Project-level (assigned to environment) | How dbt authenticates and the credentials dbt uses to connect |

You need to both settings; a deployment connection on its own is not enough for jobs to run. You also need a [connection profile](#connection-profiles) assigned to the environment.

> Note that connection profiles are configured separately, at the project level, then assigned to environments. If you only configure the deployment connection in this section, your jobs still won't run.

```

- **Connection profile:** This setting stores the credentials dbt uses to connect. You can [configure a connection profile](#connection-profiles) in the following section.

You need to complete both settings. A deployment connection on its own is not enough for jobs to run.

> :::info Warehouse Connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Deployment connections
```

> Warehouse connections are created and managed at the account-level for <Constant name="dbt" /> accounts and assigned to an environment. To change warehouse type, we recommend creating a new environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment connections are created and managed at the account-level for <Constant name="dbt" /> accounts and assigned to an environment. To change warehouse type, we recommend creating a new environment.
```

## Deployment connection

A deployment environment needs two settings to run jobs:

| Setting | Scope | Controls |

> | --- | --- | --- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<SimpleTable>

| --- | --- | --- |
```

| **Deployment connection** | Environment-level | Where dbt builds objects in your warehouse (database, schema, and warehouse) |
| **Connection profile** | Project-level (assigned to the environment) | How dbt authenticates, and the credentials it uses to connect |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</SimpleTable>
```

<br />

> You need to complete both settings. A deployment connection on its own is not enough for jobs to run. You also need a [connection profile](#connection-profiles) assigned to the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to complete both settings as a deployment connection on its own isn't enough for jobs to run. You also need a [connection profile](#connection-profiles) assigned to the environment.
```

</WHCode>

## Connection profiles

> The deployment connection sets _where_ dbt builds. The connection profile sets _how_ dbt authenticates.

Reviewer: love this sentence!
